Autumn is here, and with it, the new iPhone. It's the iPhone 13. You get a faster chipset, a bigger battery, a bigger sensor on the main camera, and a smaller notch. Not too shabby. But is all of that enough to convince people to upgrade to the new model? I'm will for GSmarena and let's find out in our full review. Looks wise, the iPhone 13 doesn't exactly break the mold. It brings the same shape and design as last years iPhone twelve, but with one striking difference. The notch cutout for the selfie cam and Face ID is smaller this time around. This might not seem like a big deal, but ever since Apple introduced the notch to its iPhones, theyve stayed committed to it. So now that theyve finally changed it, who knows whats next on the horizon? There are a couple of other subtleties you may notice when examining the new iPhone. It is slightly heavier than last year, 10 grams to be exact. And the rear cameras have a different diagonal arrangement, maybe because of the larger sensor in the main camera, but at its core, this is the elegant iPhone design were used to. The iPhone 13 has a flat corning made glass back with that signature Apple logo. The phone is well balanced and easy to wield and like last year, offers a pretty good grip as well because of the flat and edgy aluminum frame. And of course the iPhone 13 brings IP 68 rated water and dust resistance. Apple claims itll survive for half an hour under 6 meters of water. The screen of the iPhone 13 is similar to last years. Its a 6.1 inch Super Retina XDR oled protected by ceramic shield, some of the toughest glass there is. While this years iPhone 13 Pro brings a fast 120 Hz refresh rate, the regular model still sticks to a standard 60. Still, there is one advantage you get here over last year and thats the max brightness. We measured around 800 nits here with the slider compared to around 640 nits on the iPhone twelve. So using the phone out in the sun should be even more comfortable. The panel has outstanding color accuracy too, no matter what brightness setting its on. And of course you get other great features here like deep OLED blacks, Truetone and HDr ten and Dolby vision support. For audio. The iPhone 13 has a pair of stereo speakers, one at the bottom and the other at the top which doubles as an earpiece. They are well balanced and loud, scoring very good on our loudness charts and the sound quality here is exceptional. Of course theres no 3.5 mm jack and you need to use an Apple lighting adapter to plug in traditional headphones. One difference from last years model is that the iPhone 13 has doubled base storage and theres also an option to get 512 GB of storage on board. Not expandable of course. And the iPhone 13 brings a new chipset, the latest Apple a 15 bionic. This is one of the most powerful chipsets you can get on a phone and it provides incredible performance as well as 5g connectivity. In CPU tests, the iPhone 13 tops the charts, scoring up to 15% higher than the iPhone twelve GPU. Performance is a different story though because Apple has equipped this years Pro models with an extra powerful gpu which has five cores instead of four. So the vanilla iPhone 13 doesnt quite match the graphics scores of the 13 Pro or Pro max. Still it does a great job, significantly better than last years model and the heaviest games run smoothly even on their highest settings. Plus the thermals arent too bad here either. The iPhone 13 has a 3240 mAh battery capacity larger than the 2815 capacity on the iPhone twelve and battery life is better here. The new model scored an 89 hours endurance rating in our tests and allows for at least three more hours of video playback or web browsing. But with the larger battery, charging speed is a bit slower. There is no charger in the box, but with Apples 20 watt charger able to charge the iPhone 13 from zero to 54% in half an hour. Theres also support for wireless charging which goes up to 15 watts if you use a MagSafe charger. Now onto the iPhone thirteens dual cameras, theres a twelve MP main camera and a twelve MP ultrawide just like last year, but this time around the main cam features a new sensor with larger pixels as well as sensor shift stabilization. Twelve mp photos from the main camera are rich in detail with great contrast and low noise. The dynamic range is not super wide but is balanced and natural and colors are true to life. But like last year, sometimes the foliage presentation comes out looking smeared. We expected an improvement in this regard because of the bigger sensor. Actually if you compare the iPhone thirteens photos to the iPhone twelves they are basically indistinguishable and this is a pattern that continued through our testing. Despite the new sensor. The main camera can shoot portraits and it does a great job. The subjects are sharp and detailed and exposure is balanced. Subject separation is proficient though sometimes messy hair or an object in the background may mess it up. Twelve megapixel ultra wide photos are quite wide and have alright resolved detail, great contrast and accurate colors. The dynamic range is again balanced and not that wide foliage looks worse here than on the main cam with grass and trees sometimes looking like an oil painting. Heres a comparison with the iPhone twelve and the quality is the same. Neither the camera nor the processing have changed in low light situations. Night mode kicks in automatically and its super fast to shoot and process. The photos are well balanced both noise and exposure wise and have an incredible amount of detail, excellent color saturation, great contrast and good dynamic range. Night mode photos taken with the iPhone twelve are indistinguishable so it turns out the larger sensor on the main cam and the new type with stabilization arent really making a difference. You can turn off the night mode and the result is a more true to life looking photo. These are a little softer and the colors are more washed out but you still have good detail, contrast, dynamic range and exposure. Heres a comparison with the iPhone twelve. Again no differences here. The ultrawide camera produces acceptable photos in the dark thanks to the auto night mode. They have balanced exposure and good contrast and color saturation. They are still rather soft and noisy though disabling night mode on the ultrawide isnt recommended. The images are much darker and noisier with smeared detail and desaturated colors. Lets move on to selfies. They are outstanding, some of the best weve seen to date. They have spectacular result of detail, praiseworthy contrast and dynamic range, low noise and accurate colors. Videos can be captured in up to 4k resolution at 60 FPS with all three cameras, all with great stabilization. Footage from the main cam is spectacular with excellent detail, natural looking sharpness, great contrast, exceptional dynamic range and accurate colors. The 4k videos from the ultrawide camera are equally brilliant. They have to be among the most detailed weve seen as far as ultrawide cameras go. There is a new feature called cinematic mode on the main and selfie cameras. Its shot in 1080p resolution at 30 FPS and it uses advanced portrait mode technology to simulate rack focus. The depth map is created in real time and the algorithm decides which subject should be in focus and which should be blurred. You can tweak and change all of that in post as well. Finally, lets go over the iPhone thirteens user interface which is the latest iOS 15 out of the box. Its not a major update over iOS 14, but it does bring a few new features. For example, there are the focus options. These are basically filter profiles for your notifications and calls which you can switch to depending on your current needs. The Safari web browser has also seen an upgrade. The address bar is now at the bottom and easier to reach and you can swipe left and right to switch tabs. The other new tidbits include improvements in FaceTime, tweaks in the appearance of icons and notifications, an upgraded weather app, and support for new keys in the Apple Wallet. Still, this is essentially the same interface weve seen before. Of course, for your biometrics there was no fingerprint reader but Apples Face ID, which is fast and secure. You have home screens which you can add apps or widgets to. Theres a today page on the leftmost panel and an app library over on the right. For more app storage, you can get into the notification center and control center by swiping from the upper left and right corners. The interface is intuitive and responsive, and you get the promise of five years of software updates too. So thats apples iPhone 13. Its a great phone, one of the best on the market. You get the signature iPhone design, which is super durable, and it comes with an even smaller notch. Then theres the powerful hardware, the bright screen, superb stereo speakers, and the excellent camera experience both in the day and at night. Overall, its worth recommending which youd expect from the latest iPhone. But if you have an iPhone twelve already, the differences here are too small to be worth an upgrade. And keep in mind that you dont get a 120 hz refresh rate autofocus on the ultrawide or zoom camera unless you go for one of the pro models. Thanks for watching guys. Stay safe and see you on the next one.